Welcome to the last lesson
of this module where we will
kinda take a closer look at SIP and
how it relates to VOIP.
>> Mm-hm.
>> All right.
So, what do we got here?
>> So, first we'll talk about what SIP is,
why do we need SIP,
what's it used for, things like that.
>> Yeah and
just kind of a general overlook, right?
>> Yeah, a general overview, yeah.
>> Yeah, great.
And then we're gonna kind of look
at the protocol operations so
the SIP protocol operations.
>> Right.
>> We're gonna talk about
some of the network elements,
kind of that SIP is built around.
Yeah.
>> Yeah then finally
we're gonna talk about
the SIP messages which are.
>> Yeah so basically how SIP is used
to send and receive information or
communicate within,
I guess the system itself.
So.
We'll get into that.
A lot of this stuff is fully
available to you online.
You could use a lot of these
keywords to search around and
get all the stuff that
we're gonna be showing you.
We're gonna look at it very high level,
but if you have some extra time and
you like to stick around,
feel free to check all these videos out.
Cuz it's still gonna be fun, all right?
Yeah, so we'll see you in the next video.